In this exercise, we are going to update our test code to start
referencing the new contract we've created and change the test so that it refers to that.
Now I must tell you one thing.
When it comes to testing we are using Grenache
and truffle and the underlying test framework,
and one of the things I have observed is
that as you push the boundaries on certain things,
especially things like delegate calls making crust contract calls, etc.,
the testing framework tends to be brittle and almost half
the time you might get errors that are hard to explain.
If that happens, what we'll be doing is in the lesson,
we'll be providing troubleshooting tips and
guidance on how you can mitigate those situations.
But you can expect that most of the time when you are testing
complex scenarios like this that there might inevitably be some errors.
In fact, one of the things you'll observe is that when you do get those errors,
the actual error after you've resolved it could have been completely unrelated to
the actual problem in the code or
perhaps the instance of Grenache that was running had to be reset, etc.
So sometimes the error messages tend to be a little spurious.
So to be aware of that.
Having said that now, let's look at the outline for exercise 4.
What we're going to do is modify our test config which is
where the code for testing the environment is set up.
We are going to add the artifact for the app. smart contract.
We're going to create a new instance and we're going to pass it along with
our config variable so that our test can consume it,
and the test change is actually quite simple.
We are going to change the reference for
the addSale function from the data contract to the app contract.